I was late for school today.
Why? What happened?
I took the bus. There was a road accident.
And the traffic was very heavy.
But nobody was late except me.
Maybe I should go to school by taxi.
It's the most comfortable way.
But it's also the most expensive.
And taxis are very slow in heavy traffic too.
Then what about going by bike?
That's a good choice.
But it's a bit dangerous.
There's so much traffic.
But most of my classmates ride bikes.
And it's quite safe. Don't worry. I'll be careful.
How does Tony go to school?
He lives the farthest from school.
So he takes the underground.
And what about Ling Ling?
Her home is the closest to school. So she walks.
Now about Daming.
He goes by bus too.
The same as me.
But it's so crowded. And the traffic is heavy.
All right. You can ride your bike to school.
But remember to be careful all the time.